IfcCommunicationsAppliance Rail Import BIMQ 2021-07-21T07:21:13.7228368Z (#177)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Sections/Domain specific data schemas/Schemas/IfcRailDomain/PropertySets/Pset_CommunicationsApplianceTypeOpticalLineTerminal/Documentation.md

> Properties in this property set are applicable to the optical line terminal type of communications appliance.

Reviewer: Case for usage.

Reviewer 2: What do you mea @SergejMuhic

Reviewer: If we have an applicability to PDT .USERDEFINED. we need to further specify it. Meaning we need to set the proper usage for this particular pset with `Object Predefined Type` and `Property Sets for Objects`. Applicability on .USERDEFINED. is too vague because it could be anything.

> Properties in this property set are applicable to the optical line terminal type of communications appliance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Properties common to a optical line terminal. This property set is applied to a type or occurrence of _IfcCommunicationsAppliance_ with predefined type of OPTICALLINETERMINAL.
```

> Properties common to a optical line terminal. This property set is applied to a type or occurrence of _IfcCommunicationsAppliance_ with predefined type of OPTICALLINETERMINAL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Properties common to a optical line terminal. This property set is applied to a type or occurrence of _IfcCommunicationsAppliance_ with predefined type OPTICALLINETERMINAL.
```
